Update: Replace arrow function with normal function in unit test (#804)
scale-it/algo-builder: CHANGELOG.md

- Fix `txn AssetSender` should return zero address by default.
- Add unit tests for all transaction types in runtime executeTx.
- Add support loadLogic for *.teal program and SCParam.

> - Replace arrow functions with normal functions in unit tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace arrow functions with normal functions in all unit test which is recommended by `mocha`
```
